GlobXpay Card/Electronic Money Terms and Conditions
Advanced Technology for Financial Services company, licensed by the 
Central Bank of Jordan,offers the service of issuing prepaid cards terms and conditions.
By requesting the service and submitting the required documents and information, full approval of these terms and conditions is assumed, and the contract becomes effective and binding immediately. 
I acknowledge and declare that all the information provided is true and accurate, and I confirm that I am at least 18 years old, and that no legal barriers prevent me 
from obtaining the service under the applicable laws.
 Definitions:
 • Company / Service Provider: Advanced Technology Company for Financial Services.
 • Services: Issuing prepaid cards / electronic money.
 • Regulatory Authority: Central Bank of Jordan.
 • Client: The natural person who will open an electronic money account, including the prepaid card in with their name, and agrees to these terms and conditions, and who will be registered in the company's systems.
 • Prepaid Card: A card issued for a specified fee, used by its holder to pay for purchases 
online or through point-of-sale devices. The prepaid card of Advanced Technology Company 
for Financial Services can also be used for cash withdrawals via ATMs and transfers to 
other clients within the company.
 • Electronic Money: The value of funds stored electronically, issued against receiving cash 
amounts in the same currency and value, which is a transferable means of payment 
between the transacting parties by electronic means.
 • Electronic Records: The record, contract, or information message created, sent, received, or 
stored by electronic means.
 • Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using the prepaid card service / 
electronic money or agreeing electronically or signing the form.
 • The client acknowledges that all the data, information, and documents submitted by them 
are accurate and authentic, and assumes full responsibility for their legality and any related 
matters.
 • The client confirms that they are at least 18 years old.
 • The client agrees that the company’s electronic record is final, certified, and binding, and 
the client has the right to submit a request for a refund for any transactions listed on their 
statement within 120 days from the date of the executed transaction.
 • The prepaid card / electronic money is strictly personal and cannot be rented or loaned to 
anyone else. The use of the prepaid card / electronic money is limited to the cardholder 
whose name and signature appear on the paper request form. In the case of an electronic 
request, the cardholder is the person whose information appears in the verified electronic 
request.
 • The company is not responsible, under any circumstances, for any fraud related to the 
misuse of the prepaid card / electronic money or due to its loss. The cardholder has the 
right to submit a request for a refund for any transactions performed with their prepaid 
card / electronic money, and in such cases, they are solely responsible for the expenses 
related to the objection and refund request and for any outcomes arising from it.
 • The company assumes no responsibility for any damage that may occur to the client due to 
a system failure, or as a result of a third party dealing with the company’s clients for its 
benefit, or due to fraud and/or hacking, provided that this is caused by negligence or failure 
on the part of the client.
 • The company is not responsible for any financial fraud occurring between clients, whether 
they are individuals or legal entities, either inside or outside the Hashemite Kingdom of 
Jordan. In particular, the company assumes no responsibility for financial transfers 
involving trading companies located outside the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
 • The cardholder pledges to use the card properly and maintain its safety and avoid misuse. In 
the event of loss or theft, the cardholder is committed to and must immediately notify the 
company or any MasterCard Global Center of the loss or theft by calling the customer 
service and call centers. If the card is found, the cardholder is obligated to inform the 
company in writing.
 • The client agrees to pay the issuance fees of the prepaid card / electronic money to 
Advanced Technology Company for Financial Services, in addition to renewing the card 
according to the company's approved fee schedule.
 • The cards and electronic money accounts are subject to the upper limits and financial 
transaction thresholds defined by the company, as determined by its systems, policies, and 
internal procedures. The cardholder / electronic money account holder will determine the 
maximum amount for the card / electronic money to be issued or authorized by the 
company, without exceeding the upper thresholds. The cardholder / electronic money 
account holder acknowledges that the full balance of the card / electronic money must be 
used during the card's validity period.
 The client acknowledges and agrees that the company will collect a commission due to the 
company from the client for each transaction or activity carried out by the client when using 
the service, as defined in the company's website. The company will also provide the client 
with a copy of these commissions, either in paper or electronic form, and notify the client of 
any changes at least ٣٠ days prior to their implementation.
 • The client acknowledges and agrees that the company reserves the right, at all times, to 
amend the terms and conditions related to the service, with the client being informed 
through the mobile application or website before such amendments or updates become 
binding. The client further agrees to abide by the updated terms and conditions if they 
continue to use the service after the changes have been implemented.
 • The cardholder / electronic money account holder acknowledges the company's right to 
apply its regulations related to the prepaid card issued by MasterCard / Visa.
 • This application is subject to the applicable laws, regulations, and instructions in force in the 
Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, and to the laws, regulations, and instructions governing the 
relationship between the company and the client, specifically the regulations issued by the 
Central Bank of Jordan concerning foreign currency monitoring, and any amendments 
thereto, as well as any other agreements or documents related to the issuance of the card.
 • The client authorizes the company, in the event of submitting a complaint about any 
transaction on the card / electronic money account, to deduct a fixed fee of (dispute fee: ٥ 
Jordanian Dinars or according to the fee schedule) if it is proven that the complaint was 
unfounded, without needing the client’s prior consent, as it is considered agreed upon.
 • In the case of a request to withdraw the balance from the card / electronic money account, 
the company will provide the requested amount within four business days. The client has no 
right to demand the amount or raise an objection before the above period has elapsed.
 • The client will be notified of the transactions on their personal account through a text 
message sent to the client when any financial transaction is made. The client can also 
monitor financial transactions through the application, and the client has the right to 
request an account statement from the company at any time.
 • The company’s website includes all commissions and fees imposed by the company, which 
the client can view at any time, in addition to a list of authorized agents.
 • The electronic money account / prepaid card is considered inactive if no financial 
transactions have been made on it for one year, and a fee will be charged according to the 
pricing policy published on the company's website.
• The company is committed to notifying the client at the address provided to the company 
that the electronic money account / prepaid card will be considered inactive at least one 
month before the expiration of the period mentioned above.
 • No withdrawals or transfers from an inactive electronic money account / prepaid card will 
be allowed unless the client, or their authorized representative by legal power of attorney, 
reviews the payment service provider at their headquarters to reactivate the electronic 
money account / prepaid card.
 • If the client or their legal representative contacts the company to reactivate the inactive 
electronic money account / prepaid card or to withdraw the balance, the company will 
commit to reactivating the account or disbursing the existing balance.
 • If the service provider ceases to provide services for any reason and this situation persists, 
Advanced Technology Company for Financial Services will inform the client in writing or 
electronically. In this case, the company will freeze the card, and the client must contact the 
company to withdraw the balance.
 • The client agrees to provide the company with their personal information and data, such as 
a trading statement, and any documents required to identify the client, including sources of 
income and any other information requested by the agent who linked the card to their 
platform.
 • In the event of the client’s death, the funds in the electronic money account / prepaid card 
will be frozen, and the freeze will not be lifted until all legal requirements are met in 
accordance with the law in force in the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
 • The client acknowledges that the company has the right, after notifying the client, to 
suspend or cancel the service at any time without legal or contractual liability if there is a 
reason, such as the client breaching the terms of the contract, providing incorrect 
documents, being listed on any sanctions list issued by the UN Security Council or the 
national list issued by the Technical Committee for the Implementation of the Obligations 
under the UN Security Council Resolution No. (2001) 1373 and other related decisions, or if 
the client is engaging in illegal activities. The payment service provider may terminate the 
contract after notifying the client, either in writing or electronically, at the registered 
address.
 • The client agrees that their data may be shared with third parties solely for the purposes of 
processing, verifying, and archiving data, and within the company's commitment to 
maintaining data confidentiality. The company ensures that the data will not be used for any 
purposes outside the scope of the business relationship.
 • The client acknowledges and agrees that a background check and inquiry will be conducted 
through the Civil Status Department.
• The client declares that all the information and documents provided to the company are 
accurate and agrees to promptly inform the company of any changes to their address, phone 
number, or any other significant information either at the time of the change or when 
requested by the company. Failure to do so will be considered a breach of contract, and the 
company has the right to suspend or terminate the product or service or close the electronic 
payment account as deemed appropriate, after notifying the client through appropriate 
means.
 • The client acknowledges and agrees that the company will not be held liable for any errors, 
damages, or expenses incurred by the client as a result of a breach of these terms and 
conditions on their part. The client also agrees to bear full responsibility for any 
compensation, claims, or damages the company may face due to the client's violation of 
these terms and conditions.
 • The client acknowledges and agrees that the Courts of Justice are the competent authority 
to settle any disputes related to these terms, conditions, and services.
GlobXpay Cashback and Discount Rewards Program:
 This is a rewards program that offers customers cashback in the electronic account/card, 
according to the specified terms and conditions for each type of card/electronic money account 
in the program details, in addition to instant cash discounts according to the discount terms.
 Please read these terms and conditions carefully:
 1. The customer acknowledges and agrees to the automatic registration in the “GlobXpay 
Cashback and Discount Program,” which enables them to receive cashback on the existing 
account balance and purchases according to the terms and rates specified for each type of 
card/electronic money account, in addition to instant discounts when used at designated 
locations according to the program's terms.
 2. The customer acknowledges and agrees to the cashback calculation mechanism for the 
account balance within the (GlobXpay Rewards Program) as explained below:
 2-1. Cashback Calculation Mechanism for EZ Account Balance:
   - Daily minimum balance * Cashback rate for EZ Account * 1/365
 2-2. Cashback Calculation Mechanism for Xpand Account Balance:
   - (Beginning-of-month balance * Xpand Account cashback rate * 1/365) + (Daily additional 
balance * EZ Account cashback rate * 1/365)
 2-2-1. If the customer’s account balance during the current month falls below the 
beginning-of-month balance, the customer loses their right to calculate returns based on the 
Xpand Account's specified rate, and returns are calculated according to the EZ Account's 
specified rate.
 2-2-2. Any additional amounts exceeding the beginning-of-month balance (daily balance - 
beginning-of-month balance) will be calculated according to the EZ Account rate.
 2-3. Cashback Calculation Mechanism for Boost Account Balance: 
   - Savings goal * Cashback rate based on the period
 2-3-1. The cashback rate is determined according to the specified savings period (X٪ for 24 
months, XX٪ for 36 months, XXX٪ for 48 months, XXXX٪ for 60 months).
2-3-2. If the customer fails to pay two installments (whether consecutive or non-consecutive) 
or requests to stop paying installments, the customer loses their right to cashback according to 
the Boost Account formula. The account will be closed, the balance will be transferred to the EZ 
Account, and cashback will be calculated on the balance according to the EZ Account calculation 
formula and based on the number of days.
 2-3-3. An unpaid installment is considered late if not paid within ١٠ days of the installment's 
due date.
 3. The customer acknowledges and agrees to the following terms:- Cashback rates and percentages are subject to change in accordance with the company's 
policy and applicable terms and conditions.- Cashback for EZ and Xpand accounts is calculated daily and credited monthly to the 
customer’s account.- Cashback for Boost accounts are calculated and credited to the customer’s account at the end 
of the targeted savings period.
 4. The customer acknowledges and agrees to the terms and conditions of the instant cashback 
offer within the (GlobXpay Rewards Program) according to the following stipulations:- Discounts are only applicable when purchasing from participating companies using any 
GlobXpay cards.- Customers must be informed to present the card when requesting the invoice to receive the 
discount, not after the invoice has been issued.- All discounts offered by contracted merchants are subject to change and modification.- The discount or offer provided through the card is only applicable to the original price.- The discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other special offers.- In restaurants, the card is valid for only one bill for the same group of people.
 5. Eligible customers: All individual customers of GlobXpay.
 6. The company reserves the right to amend any of the terms and conditions of the GlobXpay 
Rewards Program for cashback and discounts at its sole discretion, and customers will be 
notified of the new terms through any of the approved communication channels 
for these terms and conditions.

Dear Customer ,
Please note that you have the right as a customer to file a complaint about the services and products provided by Advanced Technology Company for Financial Services without incurring any fees or commissions through the following means of communication:
By Mail :
P.O. Box 830080, Amman 11110
By Email :
customer.complaints@globxpay.com
By Phone :
Available 24/7 at +962797674322 (inside and outside Jordan)
On Our Website :
Visit www.globxpay.com
You can contact the telephone services, which is available to receive your complaints around the clock at +962797674322 from inside and outside Jordan.
Visit The Website : www.globxpay.com
It is also worth noting that the time period required to resolve and process your complaints is from 1-10 working days, depending on the nature of the complaint, and that processing the complaint will begin immediately after it is received by us.
On the other hand, please note that the customer has the right to refer the complaint to the Central Bank of Jordan or the legal authorities if he is not satisfied with the decision presented by the complaint handler. Accordingly, please see below the contact details with the management of the Central Bank of Jordan:
Postal Address: P.O. Box 37, Amman 11118, Jordan
Phone number: +9624630301
Email: Fcp@CBJ.gov.jo

